---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

## Assignment 7: Readings on Open Source, Part 2

This week we had another reading assignment, where we got the chance to read a few articles written by experienced contributors in the open source community. One of the articles that we had to read, ["Beginner’s Very Bumpy Journey Through the World of Open Source”](https://medium.freecodecamp.org/a-beginners-very-bumpy-journey-through-the-world-of-open-source-4d108d540b39) by Shubheksha Jalan, was very inspiring. In the article, Shubheksha explained the difficulties she faced as she tried to contribute to different open source projects. She gives an insight on what beginners should expect and be prepared for when first trying to contribute an open source project. I found this article very helpful and encouraging, it addressed a fear I have as I start my own journey in the open source world. I fear that when I finally find a project I want to contribute to, the project’s community will not be kind to beginners or to someone who asks a lot of questions. Shubheksha encountered the same problem when she picked an issue to work on and questioned the community on how to alter a piece of text. The reply she got was “If you can’t figure out how to make the change, you’re not qualified to make the change”. If I got this kind of response to a question, I would probably be discouraged and hesitant to ask any more questions. However, Shubeksha shared how she handled and overcame this situation. She listed tips and advises that really cleared my mind of my fear. Asking questions is how you learn, there is no point in spending hours figuring out what a code does when a simple question to the maintainer of the project can solve the problem. Reading this article sparked some excitement in me for when I start contributing to my first open source project. It also calmed my nerves about the replies I would get for any questions I will ask. I want to start off by finding a project that is easy enough for a beginner, and where the project maintainers provide an environment where I can ask questions and receive helpful feedback.
