---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

## Assignment 1: Contributing to OpenStreetMap


OpenStreetMap is a free, editable map of the entire world. It is continually growing from the efforts of volunteers who are adding details, whether it is small or big, about areas they are familiar with. For our first assignment, I got to be part of OpenStreetMap's volunteer group and add in my own small details.

I tried to edit Rego Park in Queens, my neighborhood, and it was interesting to see that many things that I thought would not be shown on OpenStreetMap's map already had edits on them. For example, I was expecting to add in details about small parks and pathways that I believed only a few people would know off. However, to my surprise, many of those places were already on the map. I was a little disappointed that I didn’t get to add any details about my favorite park near my house. But, after looking around the area more, I was able to remove a Toys 'R' Us tag from a store.  Toys 'R' Us has closed all their US stores and the map showed no indication of this. In addition, I added tags to clothing stores that didn’t have any labels, such as Kohl's and Century 21. I didn’t really understand why these stores didn’t have any details on them even though Kohl's and Century 21 are the most well-known stores in the area. After looking out for any more stores that needed tags, I started to focus on the pathways and sidewalks on the map. I was able to add missing pathways and sidewalks that are used often in the area.

All these edits and details can be viewed at: <https://www.openstreetmap.org/user/shadow12ac/history>

## Assignment 2: Readings on History and Context

My next assignment allowed me to dive deeper into what open source is all about. I had to read three articles that helped me understand and become familiar with the history of how the open source community came to be. The three readings were:
1. __Chapter 1 of "Producing Open Source Software: How to Run a Successful Free Software Project" by
Karl Fogel__
2. __"The Cathedral and the Bazaar" by Eric Raymond__
3. __"Why Open Source Misses the Point of Free Software" by Richard Stallman__

Two questions based on the readings were then asked. 
* What are three of the most significant things that Richard Stallman has done to advance the rise of
the free and open source software movement?

  * In 1984, he launched the free operating system, called GNU, to avoid using systems that denied users their freedom. He also founded the Free Software Foundation in 1985 in efforts to further campaign for software to be distributed in a way that gave users the freedom to study, change and distribute it.
  * He started the concept of copyleft. With the creation of GNU, Richard Stallman also created the GNU General Public License (GNU GPL), releasing many components of the system under it. This license, like many copyleft licenses, was designed to protect the user's freedom while using a program.
  * Richard Stallman also created GNU Emacs text editor and the GNU Compiler Collection. 

* Eric Raymond identified several key principles in the development of an open source project. Name
the two that strike you as being particularly insightful or significant.
  1. > To solve an interesting problem, start by finding a problem that is interesting to you.
  
  I feel like this principle applies to everyone. Why pursue something and put time into it if you’re not interested in it? If a      problem does not interest you, then it will never be solved. You will always find an excuse to stall yourself from finding a solution. When a problem is interesting to you, you use every possible resource and every thinkable way to find a solution for it. 
  
  2. > Good programmers know what to write. Great ones know what to rewrite (and reuse).
  
  Being a good programmer is someone who can analyze a problem and come up with code that would solve it. However, a __great__ programmer is someone who can look at a problem and is able to use pre-existing code to solve the problem. Why waste time rewriting code that already exists and works perfectly fine?

  * In 1984, he launched the free operating system, called GNU, to avoid using systems that denied users their freedom. He also founded the Free Software Foundation in 1985 in efforts to further campaign for software to be distributed in a way that users have the freedom to study, change, and distribute it.
  * He started the concept of copyleft. With the creation of GNU, Richard Stallman also created the GNU General Public License (GNU GPL), releasing many components of the system under it. This license, like many copyleft licenses, was designed to protect the users freedom while using a program.
  * Richard Stallman also created GNU Emacs text editor and the GNU Compiler Collection. 

* Eric Raymond identified several key principles in the development of an pen source project. Name
the two that strike you as being particularly insightful or signicant.
  1. > To solve an interesting problem, start by finding a problem that is interesting to you.
  
  I feel like this principle applies to everyone; why peruse something and put time in to it if you’re not interested in it? If a problem does not interest you then it will never be solved. You will always find an excuse to stall yourself from finding a solution. When a problem is interesting to you, you use every possible resources and every thinkable ways to find a solution for it. 
  
  2. > Good programmers know what to write. Great ones know what to rewrite (and reuse).
  
  Being a good programmer is someone who can analyze a problem and come up with code that would solve it. However, a __great__ programmer is someone who can look at a problem and is able to use pre-existing code to solve the problem. Why waste time rewriting code that already exists and works perfectly fine?


 
