---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---
## Assignment 11: Setting Up A Project

## Readings

This week we have finally picked out the projects we want to work on and about to start our journey to contribute anything useful in to these projects. To contribute to a project there is a standard workflow used in GitHub called the GitHub flow. This GitHub flow can be found at [GitHub Help](https://help.github.com/articles/github-flow/). I thought this a very simple and straight forward site explaining the steps in the flow. 

Scott Chacon, a developer at GitHub, wrote a [post](http://scottchacon.com/2011/08/31/github-flow.html) explaining why GitHub uses the GitHub flow instead of the git-flow. I found out about the git-flow through our previous assignments, but I was always under the assumption that GitHub used the same workflow. Scott Chacon's post was very informative and explanined the differences between the two flows very well.

## OpenGenus - Cosmos

[OpenGenus - Cosmos](https://github.com/OpenGenus/cosmos)

As I was going through the list of projects that we had, at first glance I didnt think this project was that interesting. However listening to what my fellow classmates mates thought about the project I decided that is is a great first project to get started with. As I looked through the project, the work environment seems really friendly and welcoming even for beginner. There was no complication with forking and cloning the project on to my local machine. The project itself is just a big library so I didnt have to download much for the library to work on my local machine. Everything is compling and executing smoothly on my machine. 

Im definitely excited to dive deeper in to this project and actually contribute some code this is huge library.
