---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

## Assignment 3: Reading about Wikipedia

As most people know, Wikipedia is a free encyclopedia, written by the shared efforts of the people who use it. This site is constantly changing; new pages are created and new improvements to old pages are being made daily. These new pages and edits are thoroughly inspected by qualified, authorized editors. However, there are times when opinions of authors and editors clash, and a course of actions must take place to deal with the issue. This was the case with a wikipedia page created by Erika Herzog. She is an experienced Wikipedia editor, and the dilemma with her page is discussed in the article ["Running for Office is Hard When You have a Porn Star’s Name. This Makes it Worse"](https://qz.com/1352568/running-for-office-is-hard-when-you-have-a-porn-stars-name-this-makes-it-worse/) written by Annalisa Merelli. 

The article explains how Erika Herzog produced a Wikipedia page about Catalina Cruz, a Democratic party candidate in the primary election for a seat in the New York Assembly. As described in the title, Herzog created this wiki page so people can identify and separate Catalina Cruz, the candidate, from the porn star Catalina Cruz. However, Herzog’s page was taken down because Catalina Cruz was not considered “notable” enough to have her own page on Wikipedia. I found this to be unreasonable. Herzog provided many citations to prove how notable Catalina is. I believe Catalina deserves her own page simply so that she does not get confused with the porn star. In addition, Catalina’s opponent in the election has a page dedicated to him, it only seems fair that Catilina have one too. I support what Herzog was fighting for, but I do not agree with her methods. During Herzog’s discussion with the other Wikipedia editors about her Wikipedia page, she exposed one of the editor’s real name. She broke one of Wikipedia’s essential rules, causing the Wikipedia Foundation to take action and bann her from working on any Wikipedia sites.  She should not have revealed a Wikipedia Editor’s real name and compromised his identity, it was not the right way to fight for the page. She only created more obstacles for herself and the cause she was fighting for was shut down. Catalina Cruz’s page will now only be published if she wins the election.
