---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---
## Assignment 13: About Software Licenses

### Differences Between the GNU Public Licenses
- __GNU General Public License (GPL):__ The most recent version of the GNU GPL is version 3. Its a free software license and a copyleft license, it is used in many software packages.

- __GNU Lesser General Public License (LGPL):__ Verion 3 is the most recent verion of LGPL. Just like GNU GPL, LGPL is a free software license. However unline GPL, LGPL is not a strong copyleft license because the license permits linking with nonfree modules. This version of LGPL is compatible with version 3 of GPL. 

- __GNU Affero General Public License (AGPL):__ there is only one version of this license, version 3. This license is just like GNU GPL, however with an added part that allow users who use the licensed software of the network to be able to recieve the source of that program. This license is recommended to to be used for any software that would be used over a network.

### Distinguishing Between GPL, Apache and Mozilla Licenses. 
- __General Public Licenses:__ Its a free software and copyleft license. The most recent version of it is version 3.

- __Apache License:__ This is alsos a free software license that is compatible with GNU GPL version 3 but not with version 2. Its not compatible with version 2 because there are some requirements, such as patent termination and indemnification provisions, that are not in version 2 of GPL. This is a good thing because if there is a momemnt where someone using this licensed is sued for patent infringment then the licenses terminates itself.

- __Mozilla Public License (MPL):__ Just like the previously discussed licenses, MPL is a free software license that is indirectly compatible with many GNU licenses, such as GPL, LGPL and AGPL. Mozilla can only be combined with GNU licenses if one condition is met. The condition is that everything that was originally under MPL will continue to have the MPL rights after combining with GNU Licenses. This creates a dual license with MPL and GNU licenses.

### Copyleft
Copyleft is a method that makes any program free software, this includes all distuributions and modifications to the program be free software as well. Basically,copyleft provides the freedom to users to modify and distribute the program as long as any future modification or extension to the work has the same rights. In addition to these rights, copyleft also provides an insentive for programers to add to free software. 

### Permissive
Permissive licenses is also a free software license, however this license has very little requirements on how the program should be redistributed.

### Why the Creative Commons licenses not ideal for use with Software?
The Creative Commons Licenses should not be used for software because CC licenses so not contain specific terms about disturbution of the source code. This is important for ensuring the free reuse and modification of the program. In addition CC licenses are not compatible with many of the manjor software licenses, this making it difficult to combine CC-licensed work with ither free software.

Information provided from [creativecommons.org](https://creativecommons.org/faq/#can-i-apply-a-creative-commons-license-to-software)

## Progress Report on Cosmos Project

Both teams were able to review each others code for their specific issue and provided critique and ways to improve on the work that was done. Based on the feedback that was provided, Anupan and I made some changes to our program and then Anupam was able to push his branch up to his repository. As our final task for this issue, Anupam made a pull request from his forked repository. We provided the changes we made and the issue number. Now we are waiting for the maintainers responce on our pull request. We hope that it will be accepted and be merged with the master branch of the repository.


