---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---
# Assignment 12 Bug Triage and Fixing
The bug I chose to work on is [#1805557](https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+bug/1805557?comments=all) -"Wifi is disconnecting, and make chrome tab unresponsive". I followed the rules listed on [Teaching Open Source](https://quaid.fedorapeople.org/TOS/Practical_Open_Source_Software_Exploration/html/sn-Debugging_the_Code-Bug_Triage.html).

1. Once I read through the bug description, the first thing I did was leave a comment saying "Thank you for reporting, I'll try to reproduce today" to show the user that his bug report is being looked at. In order to leave a comment I had to make an account on Ubantu. 

2. The second step was to find any duplicates of the bug on the site. On the search bar I typed in "Wifi" and found out that there are a few bugs that are quiet similar to the one I chose. For example [#1791058](https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/gvfs/+bug/1791058) and [#1758589](https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/network-manager/+bug/1758589) are bugs that are very similar to the bug I chose. All three bugs talk about how the WIFI is always disconnecting and not reconnecting unless you reboot the machine.

3. I read through the bug description as well the descriptions in similar bugs and decided that this is a medium importance bug. In my opinion have access to the internet is important and thats not possible if the WiFi keeps disconnecting. In addition if there are multiple users filing the same bugs then thats a good reason to look in to it.

4. I dont think there are any missing information from the user filing the bug. The description is very clear as to what the problem is.


